Metalshop guy
---------------
- capable of making stuff
- attractive
- scarred and dangerous looking
- fatherly?  he had some children, but he perceives that they hated him.
- divorced.  he regularly has a girlfriend.
- he only directly engages with as much as you're willing to put forward
- can appear taciturn because of previous
- he fights a tendency to control people, and has a history of failing at it with people he's intimate with
- he's not abusive -- his control is well intended, just poorly received.

falls for him as mentor
---------------
- lonely
- felt inept, felt out of control
- craving safety
- track record of rebelling against parents successfully (not protected, not bound).
- motivation for rebelling? not fear/anxiety.

As his (edifice?) [structure metaphor] of rules was laid out, Lonely
became spellbound.  Each time Mr. Metal laid out a new rule, Lonely's
mind jumped to exceptions, flaws, strategams, as was her wont. But
each subsequent rule felt like it was closing off her strategams,
preventing just the ideas she had thought of for circumventing the
law. It was mesmerizing how the net of rules wrapped around her. While
at the same time her mind was racing to break free, it was beginning
to urge Lonely to stay here.  "This is home," was whispered deep in
her mind, seeding a calm that gradually took over as the rules were
finished, her trap complete.  Maybe this was finally that elusive
feeling, the one everyone talked about? Maybe this was love.

She tried not to let it show in her face when she looked at him, this
growing sense of certainty that he was responsible for the new glow in
her.

Nearly two full days passed before Lonely next had class with
Mr. Metal.  She came to class early, having been bubbling over since
she awoke that morning.  Mr. Metal was in his office to the side of
the wood room.  Glass walls obscured the division between each area,
but the computer desk set the office apart.  As he came out of his
office, he looked to her, seeming not to acknowledge that she was
staring.

"If you're in the shop, you're ready to work.", his tone only hinting
at it being a question.  "Here.  This is the materials room.  Read
these instructions and come up with five ways you could hurt yourself
or another while conducting yourself within them."

"Uh..  Yes, sir."

"And don't touch anything yet."

"I know that.  You already told us," she risks after a moment.  His
measuring look in response was brief, but thrilled Lonely.

"Repeating rules costs very little, but goes far in preventing
/accidents/.  Prove yourself beyond the need for such reminders, and I
will stop giving them."  With that, he left her alone to read.

The rules for the room were short, and she went through them twice to
make sure she understood them.  Coming up with ways to get hurt was a
breeze.  Fun, even.  She had a dozen variations on "heavy object falls
onto someone" alone.

[Lonely is excited to be good at her task.  See-one-Do-one-Teach-one
method is employed, and she feels even better at the social role she
gets to play.]

[A month goes by.  Lonely does adequately at everything shop-related,
excels at following the rules.  Her crush smolders quietly, hoping to
catch something aflame.]

A perfect mousey-but-not-stealthy approach, with a well-gauged
understanding of my field of vision and boundaries of safety.  It was
enough that he nearly forgot her as he finished his last three cuts,
shut down the milling machine, and stowed the pieces to his cart.

"How can I help you today, Ms. Lonely?"  He noted her eyes were bright, the pupils dilated. He felt again the urge to comment, to ask, and suppressed it as always, thinking of the respect he had felt from his teachers when they left his emotional life to himself.

"Can I learn how to weld, Mr. Metal? My project would really benefit
from welded arms.  It isn't a necessary addition, and I know I'll have
to learn a bunch of new tools, but I'd really like to and I'm willing
to put in the extra hours during in my free time.  Or I can come in
during your Wednesday metals shop and work with the rest of the
regular students there.  I could even promise to always stay and help
clean up after classes, to reduce the strain on your teaching load."
Her words came out quickly; they had clearly been rehearsed in her
head.

"You're not ready yet to start welding."  He came out of silence too
quickly, and Lonely was caught off guard by his bluntness.  Her eyes
turned from him as her cheeks filled with color.  He continued, having
known her response would be negative, "I will keep teaching you, and
if you want to weld, you can start by spending that time you just
offered studying the basic techniques that you don't have time to
perfect in class. If you spend your time that way, if you really
dedicate yourself to it, it's possible that before the end of the
semester you'll be ready to learn to weld, far ahead of what I would
have predicted yesterday you'd get to. In that case, I'd be happy to
teach you those skills."

